Create FAQ page in sphinx User Guide (#1549)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/user_guide/faq.rst

.. _faq:

Frequently Asked Questions
==========================

General Questions
*****************

What is pvlib?
--------------

pvlib is a free and open-source python software library for modeling
the electrical performance of solar photovoltaic (PV) systems.  It provides
implementations of scientific models for many topics relevant for PV modeling.

For additional details about the project, see :ref:`package_overview`.
For examples of using pvlib, see :ref:`example_gallery`.

How does pvlib compare to other PV modeling tools like PVsyst or SAM?
---------------------------------------------------------------------

pvlib is similar to tools like PVsyst and SAM in that it can be used
for "weather-to-power" modeling to model system energy production
based on system configuration and a weather dataset.  However, pvlib
is also very different in that you use pvlib via python code instead

> of via a GUI.  pvlib is also more of a toolbox or a framework to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of via a GUI, which makes pvlib ideal for automating tasks.  pvlib
is also more of a toolbox or a framework to use
```
Or something along those lines..

to build your own modeling process (although some pre-built workflows
are available as well).

Usage Questions
***************

All I have is GHI, how do I get to POA?
---------------------------------------

> Going from GHI to POA irradiance is a two-step process.  The first step is to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Going from GHI to plane of array (POA) irradiance is a two-step process. 
The first step is to
```

consider NREL's NSRDB which can be accessed using the
:py:func:`pvlib.iotools.get_psm3` function and is available for
North America. For Europe and Africa, you may consider looking into
CAMS (:py:func:`pvlib.iotools.get_cams`).
PVGIS (:py:func:`pvlib.iotools.get_pvgis_hourly`) is another option, which
provides irradiance from several different databases with near global coverage.
pvlib also has functions for accessing a plethora of ground-measured
irradiance datasets, including the BSRN, SURFRAD, SRML, and NREL's MIDC.

Can I use PVsyst (PAN/OND) files with pvlib?
--------------------------------------------

Currently, pvlib does not have the ability to import any PVsyst file formats.
Certain formats of particular interest (e.g. PAN files) may be added in a future
version.  Until then, these Google Group threads
(`one <https://groups.google.com/g/pvlib-python/c/PDDic0SS6ao/m/Z-WKj7C6BwAJ>`_
and `two <https://groups.google.com/g/pvlib-python/c/b1mf4Y1qHBY/m/tK2FBCJyBgAJ>`_)
may be useful for some users.

Why don't my simulation results make sense? 
-------------------------------------------

pvlib does not prevent you from using models improperly and generating

> invalid results.  It is on you as the user to understand the models you
> are using.  However, one modeling error that beginners sometimes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
invalid results.  It is on you as the user to understand the models you
are using and to supply appropriate, correctly-formatted data.  One modeling error that beginners sometimes
```

> run into is improper time zone localization: calculating solar
> positions is often the first step of a modeling process
> and relies on timestamps being localized to the correct time zone.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
make is improper time zone localization. Calculating solar
positions is often the first step of a modeling process
and this step relies on timestamps being localized to the correct time zone.
```

A telltale sign of improper time zones is a time shift between solar
position and the irradiance data (for example, ``solar_elevation``
peaks at a different time from clear-sky ``ghi``).
For more information on handling timezone correctly, see :ref:`timetimezones`.

More generally, inspecting the simulation results visually is a good first
step when investigating strange results.
Matplotlib and pandas have very powerful plotting capabilities that are great
for tracking down where things went wrong in a modeling process.  Try plotting

> a few days of intermediate time series in a single plot, looking for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a few days of intermediate time series results in a single plot, looking for
```
